.\"t
.TH "CAN\-ETH\-GW" "8" "July 31, 2014" "CAN \- Ethernet Gateway Control Utility User Manual" "master\-preview"
.SH NAME
.PP
cegwctl \- CAN \- Ethernet Gateway Control Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]cegwctl\f[] [ \f[B]\-f\f[] | \f[B]\-\-can\-fd\f[] ] [ \f[B]\-t\f[]
\f[I]TYPE\f[] | \f[B]\-\-type\f[]=\f[I]TYPE\f[] ] [ \f[B]\-b\f[] |
\f[B]\-\-bidirectional\f[] ] \f[B]add\f[] \f[B]route\f[] \f[I]SRC\f[]
\f[I]DST\f[]
.PP
\f[B]cegwctl\f[] [ \f[B]\-f\f[] | \f[B]\-\-can\-fd\f[] ] [ \f[B]\-t\f[]
\f[I]TYPE\f[] | \f[B]\-\-type\f[]=\f[I]TYPE\f[] ] \f[B]add\f[]
\f[B]dev\f[] [\f[I]NAME\f[]]
.PP
\f[I]TYPE\f[] := { \f[B]none\f[] | \f[B]eth\f[] | \f[B]net\f[] |
\f[B]udp\f[] | \f[B]tcp\f[] }
.PP
\f[B]cegwctl\f[] \f[B]del\f[] \f[B]route\f[] \f[I]ID\f[]
.PP
\f[B]cegwctl\f[] \f[B]del\f[] \f[B]dev\f[] \f[I]NAME\f[]
.PP
\f[B]cegwctl\f[] \f[B]route\f[]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Control Utility for the \f[C]ce_gw\f[] Kernel Programm.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \f[B]\-b\f[], \f[B]\-\-bidirectional\f[]
If you add a route from SRC to DST, there will be also add the same
route back from DST to SRC.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-f\f[], \f[B]\-\-can\-fd\f[]
A Flag for the larger CAN\-FD Frames.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-t\f[], \f[B]\-\-type\f[]=\f[I]TYPE\f[]
Set The Type of the Gateway.
\[aq]\f[B]net\f[]\[aq] is the Default.
\f[B]udp\f[], \f[B]tcp\f[] are not supported yet.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[I]TYPE\f[] := { \f[B]none\f[] | \f[B]eth\f[] | \f[B]net\f[] |
\f[B]udp\f[] | \f[B]tcp\f[] }
Types
.RS
.RE
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B \f[B]add route\f[] \f[I]SRC\f[] \f[I]DST\f[]
Add a Gateway from \f[I]SRC\f[] to \f[I]DST\f[], where SRC and DST are
the String names of the Interfaces.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]add dev\f[] [\f[I]NAME\f[]]
Add a virtual ethernet device.
You need this device for adding a route.
\f[I]NAME\f[] will be the name of the new device.
If you don\[aq]t set \f[I]NAME\f[], it will be called `cegw%d`, where %d
is a consecutive number.
With the options [ \f[B]\-f\f[] | \f[B]\-\-can\-fd\f[] ] [ \f[B]\-t\f[]
\f[I]TYPE\f[] | \f[B]\-\-type\f[]=\f[I]TYPE\f[] ] you can set a
meaningfull MTU.
.RS
.RE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
l c l l.
T{
TYPE
T}@T{
FD?
T}@T{
BYTE
T}@T{
MTU Size Description
T}
_
T{
NONE
T}@T{
\-
T}@T{
1500
T}@T{
Standart Ethernet MTU
T}
T{
ETH
T}@T{
✗
T}@T{
8
T}@T{
Max CAN Payload
T}
T{
ETH
T}@T{
✔
T}@T{
64
T}@T{
Max CAN\-FD Payload
T}
T{
NET
T}@T{
✗
T}@T{
16
T}@T{
Max CAN Frame
T}
T{
NET
T}@T{
✔
T}@T{
72
T}@T{
Max CAN\-FD Frame
T}
T{
UDP
T}@T{
\-
T}@T{
1500
T}@T{
Standart Ethernet MTU
T}
T{
TCP
T}@T{
\-
T}@T{
1500
T}@T{
Standart Ethernet MTU
T}
.TE
.TP
.B \f[B]del route\f[] \f[I]ID\f[]
Deletes the Gateway with \f[I]ID\f[].
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]del dev\f[] \f[I]NAME\f[]
Deletes a previously with \f[B]add\f[] \f[B]dev\f[] added device with
\f[I]NAME\f[] as name.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]route\f[] [\f[I]ID\f[]]
List active Gateways and Informations or if \f[I]ID\f[] is specified,
Information of the Gateway with \f[I]ID\f[] will printed
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Add a Gateway:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
cegwctl\ \-f\ \-t\ net\ add\ route\ "eth0"\ "can0"
\f[]
.fi
.SH EXIT STATUS
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
c l.
T{
CODE
T}@T{
Description
T}
_
T{
0
T}@T{
success
T}
T{
!=0
T}@T{
failure
T}
.TE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
© Copyright 2013 Fabian Raab, Stefan Smarzly
.PP
This file is part of CAN\-Eth\-GW.
.PP
CAN\-Eth\-GW is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.
.PP
CAN\-Eth\-GW is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with CAN\-Eth\-GW.
If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[B]Homepage:\f[] <http://can-eth-gw.github.io>
.PP
ip(8)
.SH AUTHORS
Fabian Raab <fabian.raab@tum.de>.
